POS Entry Mode
Authorization: Two-digit code that identifies the actual method used to enter the cardholder account number and card expiration date. This code specifies the card entry data included in an authorization request.
Value
	
Definition


00
	
Unknown or terminal not used


01
	
Manual (key entry)


02
	
Magnetic stripe read. For Plus transactions, this code also means that the exact Track 2 content is included and CVV checking is possible


03
	
Barcode read


04
	
Discover only. OCR coding read


05
	
Chip card read; card data reliable


06
	
Track 1 read.


07
	
Contactless chip card read


09
	
Token entry from ecommerce containing Digital Secure Remote Payment (DSRP) cryptogram.


10
	
Credential on file


79
	
Mastercard only. Chip fall back transaction failed or the terminal had no online connection and the chip card read failed and the magnetic strip data was successful.
The transaction was completed after a voice authorization and the approval code was manually entered.


80
	
Chip card capable terminal processed the transaction through chip fall back with the magnetic stripe data.


81
	
Discover only. Token entry from ecommerce with an optional identity check advanced address verification (AAV) or DSRP cryptogram in the Universal Cardholder Authentication Field (UCAF).


82
	
Discover only. Entered automatically through the issuer, acquirer, or third party vendor system.


83
	
Discover only. Radio Frequency Identification Indicator (CHIP).


90
	
Magnetic stripe read and extract content of Track 1 or Track 2 included (CVV check is possible).


91
	
Contactless magnetic stripe read and content of the full track data included.


95
	
Visa Only. Integrated circuit card; card data may be unreliable
Capture: One-character code specifying the method used to obtain the cardholder account number.
 
Value
	
Definition


A
	
Reserved - bar code read


B
	
OCR read


C
	
Check imaging device (POS check service)


D
	
Full Track 2 Magnetic-stripe read


G
	
Chip card read (Visa, MasterCard, and JCB transactions only)


H
	
Full Track 1 magnetic-stripe read


P
	
Manually-entered, chip card read capable terminal (Visa, MasterCard and JCB transactions only)


Q
	
Proximity payment device using track data rules


R
	
Proximity payment device using VSDC or M/chip data rules


S
	
Full magnetic stripe read, chip card capable terminal (Visa, MasterCard, and JCB transactions only)


T
	
Manually-entered, Track 2 capable device


X
	
Manually-entered, Track 1 capable device


Z
	
EMV fallback


@
	
Manually-entered, No Track reading capability


E-F, I-O, U-W, Y, and 0-9
	
Reserved for future use